Add PlonkVeriferOnICP in (#171)
dfinity/awesome-internet-computer: README.md

- [icp-zk-maze](https://github.com/zCloak-Network/icp-zk-maze) - ZK Maze is a ZK coprocessor developed by zCloak. ZK coprocessor offloads intensive Zero-Knowledge (ZK) computations from traditional blockchains, enabling the creation and verification of Zero-Knowledge Proofs (ZKPs) without revealing private information.
- [Jolt Verifier Canister](https://github.com/flyq/jolt_verifier_canister) - A Canister which can verify the proof generated by [Jolt](https://github.com/a16z/jolt) zkVM.
- [Pado zkAttestations](https://github.com/pado-labs/pado-icp) - A The main functionalities provided by zkAttestations are creating attestations from the PADO extension, and recording attestations on the IC network. In addition, the basic attestation framework created in this project supports developers in creating their attestation-based dApps.

> - [Ganrk Plonk Verifer](https://github.com/lightec-xyz/plonk_verifier_on_icp) - A Canister that can verify proof generated by [gnark](https://github.com/Consensys/gnark) on the BN254 curve，is a crucial part of the [zkBTC](https://www.zkbtc.money) project, which bridges Bitcoin to Ethereum and other major blockchains including L2s, fully decentralized, this on-chain verifier is open source and can be easily adopted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gnark Plonk Verifer](https://github.com/lightec-xyz/plonk_verifier_on_icp) - A Canister that can verify proofs generated by [gnark](https://github.com/Consensys/gnark) on the BN254 curve.
```

Reviewer: @readygo67 Could you please accept this change?

Author: Yes, it's ok to make such modification

> - [Ganrk Plonk Verifer](https://github.com/lightec-xyz/plonk_verifier_on_icp) - A Canister that can verify proof generated by [gnark](https://github.com/Consensys/gnark) on the BN254 curve，is a crucial part of the [zkBTC](https://www.zkbtc.money) project, which bridges Bitcoin to Ethereum and other major blockchains including L2s, fully decentralized, this on-chain verifier is open source and can be easily adopted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gnark Plonk Verifer](https://github.com/lightec-xyz/plonk_verifier_on_icp) - A Canister that can verify proofs generated by [gnark](https://github.com/Consensys/gnark) on the BN254 curve.
```
